all right I got a special treat for you
today this is Jessica and she has
converted her own ebike her old bike to
e bike and I want to tell a little bit
about it about it this is a leads
Solutions e bike so Jessica what made
you decide to convert your bike to
electric I just wanted it to be easier
to get to work and back and that
basically not have an excuse to not
write my bike wow it looks like you did
a great job it wasn't that hard on
anyone can do it
so what made you decide I mean you told
me you rode
electric bikes in Japan is kind of what
helped make you decide yeah it was a
really nice riding them in Japan you can
basically get around cars really easily
just safer and easier makes it more fun
so you got this kit from Leeds and it
came with the instructions I was I would
imagine oh yeah then they have a video
on YouTube that shows you how to do it
as well so my next question is is how
does it right I mean is it doing
everything that you wanted to do when
you are decided to get it yes it's a
very responsive at last for a long time
in a
it's pretty much everything I wanted in
a bike
wasn't too expensive
they come with three different models
30 mile 110 miles and one my biggest 17
miles
so what I was really impressed is that
you decided to make sure you got one
with the lithium battery yes because I
know a lot of the less expensive kits
come with the different types and so you
think the lithium battery is really
important hard to make what makes us
work so well yeah it lasts longer it's
less volatile
last longer in the fog
long periods of time everything
well I've tell a lot of people ebikes
are great and converting your own bikes
a great way to go and I think Jessica's
proof of that and so we're on a ride
today she just seemed to really be
having a lot of fun and we hit some
hills coming over here and it wasn't too
tough was it no it's really easy like
you have a really really steep hill
you'll have to keep pedaling but
otherwise you don't even have to pedal
you can just push the little throttle
and it'll go just fine well thanks for
spending some time with me Jessica and
it looks like this lead set has really
worked really nice for you yes all right
I'll have a good day